oauth

multi module refactoring
    restore docs
     > looks like all the markdown files with documenation were removed. add them back. review git history if needed

orthgonal packages (logs, metrics, traces, resilency)

== =>
cart pattern
    graphql
    postgres
    discounts
    tax

archunit and checkstyle
rules for controllers, services, and repostories

micrometer

templates

enhance model rules
refactors
    shared api clients
    look at audit service and see if it can be more stream based instead of polling
docs
    template agents
    markdown linters
    openapi-specs

claude
    claude hooks and common commands; im having to approve too many commands
    create a rule that allows all git commands besides switching branches when on a work tree
    create naming conventions work a worktree

instructions service
    stop sale
    age prompt

checkout service
order management service
list service
projects service
notes service

then make documentation implementation agnostic
then implement B2C, assisted selling
data admin
reporting
tasking
mobile


cart service needs a graphql interface. review the ADR to see key architecture decisions
it must expose, reads, subsriptions (see adr for exact details). the client will be in the browser not other java services


discount service. create additional stubs allowing markdowns and finding the best price for a customer based on the entire cart and loyalty information. markdowns are functionality that can only be used when the user is an employee (in store or contact center). reference the implemenation plan for the customer service

fulfillments service expansion. we are only creating stubs to assist the checkout service implementation. create methods for creating fulfillment plans, reservations, validating address, ect 


checkout service. purpose is to set fulfilments: in store immediate transactions, will calls for a later date, and deliveries. reservations should be made. discounts applied and validated. payment collected. the result of the transaction should be stored in a new order data base. this is a seperate postgres instance. it should not be fully normalized. it is a fast transactional store. analytics data will be extracted and relpicated to a future data lake. all aspects of the cart should be validated. 

order service. purpose is to view, update and modify sold orders. it uses the order data store created from the checkout implementation. Implement order search endpoints. then both a graphql and REST endpoint for viewing. updates to the order should be done via grahql mutations similar to cart service.


audit events. update all the services to emit audit events

create system benchmark of cpu and memory utilization when running all the services together with some load. goal is to make sure we can run all the services with data locally for UIs

adr about creating an integrated mono repo 

e2e-tests need to be updated

customer service needs documentation

adr for design system. mui vs ant, vs shadcn or something else 


create home page implementation

standards agents
documentation agents
- tool calls to check that files are up to date 
verification command invoke agents: standards, docs, local-ci


create biography.md based on git history. tell it to be walter issacson themed

once plan 28 is complete then update verifier agents/commands with tool hints 

update all tools and scripts to be written in node esm
create plan to make sure openapi-specs are produced and committed then used for client types and integrations 


create POS implementatino plans
create self checkout kiosk implemenation plan
create order management app for employee. all types of modifications
create order management app for customer (cancels/refund, change delivery date only, update customer account information)
pla
create mobile version of each existing app

check to see if it makes senses to ban jest and only use vite test

update all backend apps to expose actuator 


create gh pages site that explains the app and documentation

make sure backend lint is implemented by NX to run spotless

fix ecommerce-web e2e and update standards docs for frontend e2e testing

have gemini 3 create a montage based on git history, archived specs, file changes

create implementatino plan for offline kiosk


create implementation plan that finds every example command and script and validates that it works and is properly documented for humans and agents